Update code_generation.md (#6671)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/loyalty/punchh/code_generation.md

{% capture jwt %}{{signature_structure}}.{{final_signature | remove: '='}}{% endcapture %}
```
{% endraw %} 
### Step 3: Append coupon code to message body

#### Link to Punchh web page

On clicking the coupon URL, the user will be redirected to a Punchh-hosted web page, where the generated coupon will be displayed to the user, as shown in the following image. For example,
`https://SERVER_NAME_GOES_HERE.punchh.com/request_coupons/YOUR-DYNAMIC-COUPON-GENERATION-TOKEN?sign={{jwt}}`

![][1]

#### Extract code via JSON as plain text

> A JSON response can be returned by adding .json before the sign query parameter of the Punchh URL, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JSON response can be returned by adding `.json` before the sign query parameter of the Punchh URL, for example:
```

`https://SERVER_NAME_GOES_HERE.punchh.com/request_coupons/YOUR-DYNAMIC-COUPON-GENERATION-TOKEN.json?sign={{jwt}}`

> You could then leverage [Connected Content](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/connected_content/making_an_api_call/) to insert the code as plain text into any message body as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could then leverage [Connected Content]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/connected_content/making_an_api_call/) to insert the code as plain text into any message body as follows:
```
